feat: Initial policy implementation (#1)
kubewarden/labels-policy: README.md

[![Kubewarden Policy Repository](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/badges/kubewarden-policies.svg)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#policy-scope)
[![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable)

# labels-policy

This policy validates the labels of generic Kubernetes objects.

## Settings

> The policy settings has the `criteria` field which define the logic operatation
> performed with the `values` defined in the settings and the environment variables
> defined in the resource:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The policy settings has the `criteria` field which define the logic operation
performed with the `values` defined in the settings and the labels
defined in the resource:
```
